
## SYNOPSIS
    ./pgedge ace table-repair CLUSTER_NAME TABLE_NAME DIFF_FILE <flags>

## DESCRIPTION
    Repair a table across a cluster by fixing data inconsistencies identified in a table-diff operation.

## POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
    CLUSTER_NAME
        Name of the cluster where the operation should be performed.
    TABLE_NAME
        Schema-qualified name of the table that you are comparing across cluster nodes.
    DIFF_FILE
        Path to the diff file generated by a previous table diff.

## FLAGS
    -s, --source_of_truth=SOURCE_OF_TRUTH
        Node name to be used as the source of truth for the repair.
    
    --dbname=DBNAME
        Name of the database. Defaults to the name of the first database in the cluster configuration.
    
    --dry_run=DRY_RUN
        If True, simulates the repair without making changes. Defaults to False.
    
    -q, --quiet=QUIET
        Whether to suppress output in stdout. Defaults to False.
    
    -g, --generate_report=GENERATE_REPORT
        If True, generates a detailed report of the repair. Defaults to False.
    
    -i, --insert_only=INSERT_ONLY
        If True, only performs insert operations, skipping updates and deletions.
    
    -u, --upsert_only=UPSERT_ONLY
        If True, only performs upsert operations, skipping deletions. Defaults to False.
    
    --fix_nulls=FIX_NULLS
        If True, fixes null values in the table columns by looking at the corresponding column in the other nodes. Does not need the source of truth to be specified. Must be used only in special cases. This is not a recommended option for repairing divergence. Defaults to False.
    
    --fire_triggers=FIRE_TRIGGERS
        If True, instructs triggers to fire when a repair is performed; note that ENABLE ALWAYS triggers will fire regardless of the value.
    
    -b, --bidirectional=BIDIRECTIONAL
        If True, performs a bidirectional repair, applies differences found between nodes to create a distinct union of the content. In a distinct union, each row that is missing is recreated on the node from which it is missing, eventually leading to a data set (on all nodes) in which all rows are represented exactly once.
    
